Editorial review: Add documentation for Screen Capture extensions, element capture and region capture (#36939)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/croptarget/fromelement_static/index.md

short-title: fromElement()
slug: Web/API/CropTarget/fromElement_static
page-type: web-api-static-method
browser-compat: api.CropTarget.fromElement_static
---

{{APIRef("Screen Capture extensions")}}{{SeeCompatTable}}{{securecontext_header}}

The **`fromElement()`** static method of the {{domxref("CropTarget")}} interface returns a `CropTarget` instance that can be used to crop a captured video track to the area in which a specified element is rendered.

## Syntax

```js-nolint
CropTarget.fromElement(element)
```

### Parameters

- `element`
  - : A reference to a DOM element that you want to use as a crop target.

### Return value

A {{jsxref("Promise")}} that resolves to a {{domxref("CropTarget")}} object instance, which can then be passed to {{domxref("BrowserCaptureMediaStreamTrack.CropTo()")}} to crop the video captured in the track to just the area the specified DOM element is rendered in.

`CropTarget` objects are serializable. They can be passed to another document using {{domxref("Window.postMessage()")}}, for example.

## Examples

```js
// Create crop target from DOM element
const demoElem = document.querySelector("#demo");

> const cropTarget = await CropTarget.fromElement(demoArea);

Author: fixed

---
title: "CropTarget: fromElement() static method"
short-title: fromElement()
slug: Web/API/CropTarget/fromElement_static
page-type: web-api-static-method
browser-compat: api.CropTarget.fromElement_static
---

{{APIRef("Screen Capture extensions")}}{{SeeCompatTable}}{{securecontext_header}}

The **`fromElement()`** static method of the {{domxref("CropTarget")}} interface returns a `CropTarget` instance that can be used to crop a captured video track to the area in which a specified element is rendered.

## Syntax

```js-nolint
CropTarget.fromElement(element)
```

### Parameters

- `element`

>   - : A reference to a DOM element that you want to use as a crop target.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : A reference to an {{domxref("Element")}} that you want to use as a crop target.
```

Author: updated, on both `fromElement` pages.

### Return value

A {{jsxref("Promise")}} that resolves to a {{domxref("CropTarget")}} object instance, which can then be passed to {{domxref("BrowserCaptureMediaStreamTrack.CropTo()")}} to crop the video captured in the track to just the area the specified DOM element is rendered in.

> `CropTarget` objects are serializable. They can be passed to another document using {{domxref("Window.postMessage()")}}, for example.

Reviewer: Oh I suppose that's how it would be possible to get one from another tab!

Author: Dammmnit. I've added those details back in on the reference pages.

Reviewer: Yes, sorry about this! But please see also https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/36939#discussion_r1943377143.
